JOURNEY PLAN:

~ SELF-PREPARATION PLAN: I shall, after thanksgiving prayers and asking God for guidance, have a meditative remembrance of my last months spiritual experiences to look for the needed inspiration to organize the best way for me to be helpful to your community. Then, faithful on our common enterprise I shall reflect on how this project's ideals of world communion and spiritual release shall project aesthetic refuges with my previous experience in the improvement of site-specific socio-cultural situations. Then, as serene and tranquil as possible, I shall organize the pragmatic procedures meanwhile contacting partners for possible safe transfer stops havens and indications of healthy idoneous, cultural and spiritual, welcoming sanctuaries and authorities devoted to God to be also listed and mapped for first visits scheduling. With everything ready to go I shall visit my congregations and pray to God for our enterprise.

~ PRAGMATIC PROCEDURES ESTIMATED PLAN: The project being approved by your comission board with a just budget I shall contact your artistic program producing relation staff to get in touch to your institutional administrative procedures, your local relevant civil rights social initiatives, your regional concearning specific laws, and foreigner workforce policies.

~ INVITATION LETTER AND PRESS-RELEASE: Accustomed a bit with your procedural process I would need an official institutional invitation letter expliciting your institutional endorsement of the project, as well as a press-release, so that I may understand what the University of Victoria's Centre for Studies In Religion and Society expect of our communal work meanwhile firming our administrative and divulgational process.

~ WRITTEN CONTRACT: Stablish a working contract with funding specificities for income tax declaration that must stipulate initial conditions and payment scheduling, including firstly the rightful religious church tithe (10% of the project's value) to co-chosen congregations and the concearning state governamental taxes (variable value to be studied), and a spontaneous contribution to artistic craft trade unions concearning our activities (10% of the project's value). With the signed contracts we shall transfer the grant's first payment installment in order to prove a resource of income in my visa acquisition process.

~ REFERENCE LETTERS: With your invitation letter and press-release I shall need you to assist me looking for idoneous reference letters to endorse our project among interested respectful opinion formers and relevant institutions, such as: diplomatic governmental institutions, non-governamental organizations, church congregations, cultural sanctuaries, philantropic curatorial missions, international affairs chambers, among other art fostering social instances. 

~ FUND-RAISING: With a signed contract, official invitation letter, the third-party reference letters, and the stablished network of partnerships, we shall fundraise for necessary additional budget in order to propiciate us the possibility of working properly, paying every involved participants fairly. To begin, we shall find philantropic sponsors and concearning grant providing programs.

~ ARTISTIC VISA: With your official invitation, the third-parties institutional reference letters to prove the safety and value of my work abroad, the starting financial support and basic income comprovations stablished, I shall visit my local consulate to apply for an artistic worker visa that shall enable my stay and working activity to be legally fulfilled in your locality giving inter-national legitimity to my journey.

~ ACCOMODATION: With the necessary professional contract, referential releases, customs paperworks, collective budget projects, and a basic income stablished, we shall look for proper housing in your town for me. I need a privative, clean, comfortable (warm shower), silent, in a quiet neighbourhood, from a faithful landlord, refuge to rest and meditate in solitude whenever necessary. This haven must also have good collective transportation connections to our common workplace and the city's center in order to facilitate our process. I would like, if possible, for you to arrange some possible estates and, for kindness, send me informations on them as soon as possible so that we may choose the best option together. 

~ BANK ACCOUNT: With all the needed administrative paperwork, I shall open a locally accepted bank account online or schedule to do it  when there. I would appreciate your assistance on finding the best cost benefit local, international, or online bank of your trust when working in your region. With my account stablished I shall transfer the granted resources to this personal bank account and we may conduct the partner sponsors to do the same, always archiving invoice receipts for our accounting archive.

~ TRAVEL SCHEDULING: With the administrative procedures resolved we shall discuss a paced traveling plan, its possible stopovers, and buy the transportation tickets. With the travel arranged I shall buy a city guide and study your local cultural history and current social issues, as profoundly praying and devotedly to God as I can. Meanwhile that, we shall design a specific schedule for our first month works, always leaving some agile time for possible umpredictabilities. Then, I shall need any relevant information, media such as photos, and architectural blueprints of the working places so that we may prepare ourselves better.

~ ARRIVING PROCEDURES PLAN: I shall need you to send me a local producer of yours to meet me up at the airport, pray together in a church, and have a lunch to recall our scheduled plan for the first week appointments. Later, I shall be taken to my new home in town and be introduced to its rules of usage and locality specificities. After a couple of days paying the due respect to my neighbourhood local religious churches temples praying with their congregations, we shall arrange a visit to the Victoria University including a field-research rendez vous through its interdiciplinary colleges, administrative installments, library and other cultural devices, to finally arrive at the Centre for Studies in Religion and Society department office to greet all the staff and study my private studio location so that I may plan its arrangement.

~ CULTURAL ACCLIMATIZATION: After this hospitable arrangements of my safe-refuge and our co-working flow organization I shall enjoy of your companion to, for at least 1 week, respectfully sojourn town and its natural surroundings for a social and cultural acclimatization meanwhile gratefully praying to God for inspiration on our project's process. Also, this seemingly necessary serendipitious reunion time shall allow us to meet each other meanwhile calmly solving any pendency together. 

~ PROGRAM CO-SCHEDULING: After used to the local surroundings in a healthy integral daily spiritual routine we shall begin to contact partners and firm a program schedule according to the following plan. With this in mind we shall also use viable time to publicize our devotional aesthetic enterprise.
